Stream audio from one voice to another. Maintain full control over emotion, timing and delivery.

### Path parameters

voice\_idstringRequired

ID of the voice to be used. Use the [Get voices](https://elevenlabs.io/docs/api-reference/voices/search) endpoint list all the available voices.

### Headers

xi-api-keystringRequired

### Query parameters

enable\_loggingbooleanOptionalDefaults to `true`

When enable\_logging is set to false zero retention mode will be used for the request. This will mean history features are unavailable for this request, including request stitching. Zero retention mode may only be used by enterprise customers.

optimize\_streaming\_latencyinteger or nullOptionalDeprecated

You can turn on latency optimizations at some cost of quality. The best possible final latency varies by model. Possible values:
0 - default mode (no latency optimizations)
1 - normal latency optimizations (about 50% of possible latency improvement of option 3)
2 - strong latency optimizations (about 75% of possible latency improvement of option 3)
3 - max latency optimizations
4 - max latency optimizations, but also with text normalizer turned off for even more latency savings (best latency, but can mispronounce eg numbers and dates).

Defaults to None.

output\_formatenumOptionalDefaults to `mp3_44100_128`

Output format of the generated audio. Formatted as codec\_sample\_rate\_bitrate. So an mp3 with 22.05kHz sample rate at 32kbs is represented as mp3\_22050\_32. MP3 with 192kbps bitrate requires you to be subscribed to Creator tier or above. PCM with 44.1kHz sample rate requires you to be subscribed to Pro tier or above. Note that the μ-law format (sometimes written mu-law, often approximated as u-law) is commonly used for Twilio audio inputs.

Show 19 enum values

### Request

This endpoint expects a multipart form containing a file.

audiofileRequired

The audio file which holds the content and emotion that will control the generated speech.

model\_idstringOptionalDefaults to `eleven_english_sts_v2`

Identifier of the model that will be used, you can query them using GET /v1/models. The model needs to have support for speech to speech, you can check this using the can\_do\_voice\_conversion property.

voice\_settingsstring or nullOptional

Voice settings overriding stored settings for the given voice. They are applied only on the given request. Needs to be send as a JSON encoded string.

seedinteger or nullOptional

If specified, our system will make a best effort to sample deterministically, such that repeated requests with the same seed and parameters should return the same result. Determinism is not guaranteed. Must be integer between 0 and 4294967295.

remove\_background\_noisebooleanOptionalDefaults to `false`

If set, will remove the background noise from your audio input using our audio isolation model. Only applies to Voice Changer.

file\_formatenum or nullOptionalDefaults to `other`

The format of input audio. Options are ‘pcm\_s16le\_16’ or ‘other’ For `pcm_s16le_16`, the input audio must be 16-bit PCM at a 16kHz sample rate, single channel (mono), and little-endian byte order. Latency will be lower than with passing an encoded waveform.

Allowed values:pcm\_s16le\_16other

### Response

Streaming audio data

### Errors

422

Unprocessable Entity Error